CV - Set baseline for load testing (#2338)
harness/developer-hub: docs/continuous-delivery/verify/configure-cv/verify-deployments-with-elastic-search.md

![Failed verification step](./static/cv-sumologic-pipeline-fail.png)

## Set successful verification as a baseline for load testing

To set a verification as baseline for future load testing:

> 1. Go to the Pipelines page and find the pipeline where you want to set the baseline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Harness, go to **Deployments**, select **Pipelines**, and find the pipeline you want to use as the baseline.
```

Author: Updated

> 2. Select the successful verification that you want to use as the baseline.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Select the successful pipeline execution with the verification that you want to use as the baseline.
```

Author: Yes, you are correct.

>    The pipeline details page is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The pipeline execution is displayed.
```

Author: Updated

> 3. On the pipeline details page, navigate to the **Verify** section, and then select **Pin baseline**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. On the pipeline execution, navigate to the **Verify** section, and then select **Pin baseline**.
```

Author: Updated
